My Favourite Subject
I am a sixth-former. This year we have begun to study some new subjects. They are Literature, Geography, Botany, Ancient History, French or German. At Geography we study the world around us, at Botany — different plants, at History — the life of people in the ancient times. There are so many things to do, to learn and to see. We cannot afford to go to-the .cinema or just for a walk very often, because we don't have enough time. There are six or seven lessons oil our timetable every day .Some of them are my favourite ones.

Mathematics
We have Maths every day. It's the science of numbers. People say, Maths is hard. As for me, I don't agree. If you know the tables, it's as easy as ABC. At the lessons we learn to add, divide, multiply and subtract, because everybody uses numbers and Mathematics every day: when we go shopping, plan something, build houses, plant corn and vegetables and so on. As for me, I am good at Maths.

Drawing
Drawing is an interesting subject, too. I'm fond of drawing and painting. When we draw, we make pictures with a pen or chalk. When we paint, we make pictures with paint. We may paint in water- colours or in oils. It is not easy to paint in oils. At the lessons we speak about famous artists and their paintings. It helps me to understand the beauty.

There is a Museum of Fine Arts in our city. There are many paintings of Belarusian, Russian and foreign artists there.

If we want to make a good drawing, we must have a good eye, see and watch, learn to compare things and have rich imagination.

Drawing helps us in many subjects: in Geography, History, Botany, Literature. We understand things better, remember the facts and learn things quicker if there are pictures in the books and our textbooks. Drawing is a useful subject, I think. I'm good at Drawing.

English
We study one of the modern languages at school. It is English. It's my favourite subject. At the lessons of English we learn to read, write and speak. We learn the History and Geography of bur country, Great Britain and the USA. We read stories after famous English and American children's writers. I like stories after Alan Milne, Donald Bisset, Lewis Carroll, Mark Twain and others.

I want to be clever at English because English will help me in my future life. I shall read books in English, watch films and listen to songs and understand them. But what is more important, I shall speak with people from other countries and we'll understand each other. We'll make friends and will live in peace.
