Travelling
Thousands of people travel every day. To prove it, I invite you to a railway or a bus station, a port or an airport. There you will see thousands of people trying to catch a train, a bus, a ship or a plane. Everybody wants to go somewhere and to get there as quickly as possible, with all conveniences and safely.

Of course, travelling by plane is the fastest, but it is also the most expensive. That's why if people have time they go by train. It is one of the most popular means of travelling. Trains go slower than planes, but you can see much more interesting places of the country you are travelling through. Modern trains are very comfortable and you can enjoy even the longest journey.

Travelling by sea is popular mostly for pleasure trips. Onboard large ships and small river boats people can visit foreign countries and different places of interest within their own country. A trip by sea is usually called a voyage or a cruise. 

Buses also can take you to any place you wish. It can be a trip not far from your home or a long journey even to a foreign country. Modern buses have comfortable seats, video and phone, you can have hot tea or coffee, drinks and snack. Tourist groups usually use buses to visit foreign countries and different places of interest.

Many people prefer travelling by car. They don't have to buy tickets. They don't have to carry heavy luggage. They can stop wherever they wish and spend as much time as they like at any place.

But some people like spending their holidays travelling on foot or by bike.

If you feel like travelling by plane, by train or by bus, you have to choose a flight or a line, to go to a ticket office and buy a single or a return ticket. Sometimes you have to change trains or buses. But usually travellers prefer tickets for through trains or buses. Then you take your luggage and try not to miss your plane, train or bus. They usually arrive at the airport or the railway station in time. And your wonderful journey begins. Have a nice journey.

As for me, I have never travelled far from my home. I and my family usually spend holidays at my Granny's in the country. But last year we went to the seaside. It was so exciting. I hope, next year I shall visit London. It'll be great.
